{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf130
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\vieww21960\viewh15840\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl276\slmult1\sa200\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs38 \cf0 Some comments regarding the paper:\
\
1. there are too many paranthesis in a short abstract (e.g. line 8, 9, 10, 12,  14, 15, 16, 17, 18, 26, 27) some of which can be omitted so that the content would be in the main text. \
2. Introduction : line 43 (before Konieczny) a space missing\
3. line 63 (end of the paragraph) : memory-based accounts\
4. line 81 : when the reader "sees" gitaar\
5. line 88 : a comma missing after "non-CP verb"\
6. line 101 : two paranthesis next to each other. I would write the reference (Samvelian, 2001) toward the end of the sentence.\
7. line 102 : I would omit the paranthesis (often a noun) because there are many other types of CPs in Persian (e.g. Adjective + light verb) that are also common.\
8. line 125,  control conditionS\
9. line 150 : as shown in "example" 3\
10. line 163, a comma missing after "for experiment 2 items"\
11. line 166, a comma missing after "in experiment 2"\
12. line 198 : Supplementary (why capital) ?\
13. line 235 : NEITHER for subjects NOR for items ?\
14. line 235 (the same line) : all data and codeS\
15. line 256 : participantS read\
16. line 264 : noun-light verb conditionS\
17. line 270 : it's better to rephrase the following "... using as a metric not the number of intervening phrases but the number of intervening words..." as  "...using the the number of intervening words (as a metric), instead of intervening phrases."\
18. line 272 : don't --> do not\
19. Table 1 and 2 --> the explanations seem to have lots of spaces- it might be fixed by changing the alignment.\
20. line 303 (the 4th line of discussion) --> an extra comma after i.e.  ?\
21. line 308 --> same as above\
22. line 325 --> I would write "prepositional phrase" instead of PP as the other parallel structure (before and) "relative clause" is NOT abbreviated as RC.\
23. A general comment : it's recommended in some guidelines of writing to avoid using the word "subjects" for participants.. Shall we change these in the explanations under Participants subsection of each experiment ? \
24. line 331 --> an extra comma after "except" ? \
25. line 397 --> after colon, Processing in capital letter ? \
26. line 402 (end of the paragraph) --> an example would "BE" an adverb ...\
27. line 412 (Matrials of expt. 3) --> I would rephrase the second line as : "except the following four items which were removed: ..."\
28. line 422 (2nd line of procedure) --> a missing space in Eye Link\
29. line 433 --> read half OF the items\
30. line 436 --> using em2 package in R\
31. line 443 & line 445 --> a minus sign (in z value) falls at the end of the sentence (probably due to extra space before the value).\
32. line 450, 452, etc --> total reading time \
33. line 453 : the long distance conditions HAVE longer reading times... \
34. Are there missing spaces before SE and coef values in the same paragraph or it looks like that ?\
35. line 459 & 460 --> conditionS\
36. Table 6 --> aligning the content of the table to the left \
37. line 498 --> "in the three measures example" ?\
39. line 510 (7.3 discussion) --> I would modify the first sentence as : "Experiment 4 (eye-tracking) replicated the results of experiment 2 (self-paced reading):..."\
40. line 423 (before general discussion)--> we DON'T see ....?!\
41. line 424 --> the locality effect is stronger in the WEAK-predictability conditions ???\
42. line 526 --> ....in Figure 5, Our main finding ...   (O is capital)\
43. line 543 --> extra space before "SINCE the verbs in the strong...." ? \
44. line 457 --> it is possible that we were unable to replicate "Husain et al's"\
45. line 554 --> "in Hindi" is extra. It has been mentioned earlier in the sentence : "Based on Hindi dependency treebank..."\
46. line 597 --> I would rephrase the sentence that starts on the second line as : "One important question that arises here, specially in the strong predictability conditions, is whether increasing distance is nevertheless sharpening the  expectation for the verb (as suggested by Konieczney...).\
47. line 603 --> ....short "vs." long conditions...\
48. On this paragraph (subsection 8.2.2.), minus signs seem to be very big, rather similar to underlines! Why could it be? they are not consistent with signs in previous results sections anyway.\
49. line 608 --> the Student's scale ?\
50. line 613 --> after colon, the sentence starts with capital letter : "...the target verb fall: On the log-odds..."\
51. line 620 --> ...completion data for experiment 1's strong predictability ...   not sure if this construction "1's" is correct\
52. line 625 & 626 (second paragraph of  section 8.2.2.) --> "This is shown in Figure 6. As this figure shows, ..."   one can make it short and say : "As Figure 6 shows,..."\
53. line 630 (last sentence of the same paragraph) --> ...can reveal AN a more nuanced...    (omit "an")\
54. line 641 -->   "....for the log odds BEING less than 0 BEING 0.82" could be paraphrased.\
55. line 650 (the first of the paragraph) --> apart from revisiting...\
\
\
\
\
}